I am no part of the world, but is the world a part of me?
I'm pressured every day to get involved in political issues that affect me socially.
Environmentally and economically.
That pressure could rob me of my peace of mind.
And influence how I think.
I could take sides in my heart even if I'm not aware of it.
But I know that Jehovah will care for all of mankind's concerns.
By means of His kingdom ruled by His Son, Jesus Christ.
I show my support for Him in my prayers.
In how I think and feel.
And by teaching others what the kingdom will do for mankind.
I know there are millions of brothers and sisters all over the world.
Who lawyerly support the prince of peace just like me.
Because I.
I.
I am no part of the world.